Separaion Of Concerns
Single Responsibility Principal

🔰 Episodes - 6        '''''Exploring the world'''''


   🔆 What is a Microservice?
    ans :- Microservice architecture treats each function of an application as an independent service that can be alerted, Updated, or taken down without affecting rest of the application. 

     💫Benifits :- 
        1)Better deploybility 
        2)Comfortable for developer to understand
        3)Better code Readability.
        4)The application start faster.

     💫Drawbacks :- 
        1)Testing more Difficult acording to Monolith architecture.
        2)Developer must deal with the additional complexity of creating a distributed system.

   🔆 What is Monolith architecture?
    ans:- Monolith means composed all in one piece. A Monolith application describe a single-tired software application in which different components combined in to a single program from a single platform.

     There is a Very famous quots is "Never Put all egs in one Busket" and Monolith does exact oposite things. 
    Mono means : Single , and Lithc means : Stone
   
     💫Benifits :- 
        1)Simple to develop, 
        2)Simple to test, 
        3)Simple to deploy.

     💫Drawbacks :-
        1) Maintenance - If application to Large and complex to understand, then it will be chalenging to make changes fast and correctly.
        2)The Size of the application can slow down the Start-up time.
        3)On each update we have to Re-deploy the application.
        4)Continuously Deployment is Difficult.

   🔆 Why do we need a useEffect Hook?
    ans :- The React useState hook is used to manage and handle the state.
     States are mutable, which means their value can change.
     The useState hooks allows you to create, track and update a state in a functional component. 

   🔆 What is Optional Chaining?
    ans :- The Optional Chaining operator (?.) is like a shortcut of accessing nested properties in a series of object.
     If the property exists, the operator will return the value of the property. If the property does not exist, the operator will return undefined insted of throwing error.

   🔆 What is Shimmer UI?
    ans :- So suppose we build a web app with ReactJS for displaying the data we follow this process:

       Page Loads --> Render--> API call --> Render

    We have to render before the API calls , suppose API call is taking 500ms so for better UX we have to make sure before that otherwise it will fill like the site has stuck.

    So the in Secound Render stage, as a Regullar process we put Loading icon at the loading Phase, but here comes the part of Shimmer UI. When the site is loading it gives some fake empty cards(Which is castomizable ) and then dipslay the data After API calls. 


   🔆 What is the difference between JS expression and JS statement
    ans :-

   🔆 What is Conditional Rendering, explain with a code example
    ans :- In React, Conditional Rendaring is a process of displaying different content based on different condition or states. It allows to creates dynamic user interface.

     Example :- 
     export const User =() = >
      const Login =true;
       return Login ?(
           <h1>The User is LogedIn</h1>
       ):(

           <h1>The User is LogedOut</h1>
       )

   

   🔆 What is CORS?
    ans :- CORS :- Cors Origin Resource Sharing. is a Browser mechanism that allows user to access resources from outside of a given Domain.

   🔆 What is async and await?
    ans :- async await is a 


   🔆 What is the use of `const json = await data.json();` in getRestaurants()
    ans :- JSON() :- Stands for Javascript Object Notation. JSON method of the Response interface takes a Response stream and reads it into completion. It returns a promise which resolved with the result and parsong the body test into JSON.

    There are two types of JSON methods 
    1). JSON.parse() :-This methos takes JSON String and transforms it into Javascript Object.
    2). JSON.stringfy () :- This methods takes Javascript Value (JSON Object) to a JSON String conversion 

   🔆 Why do we need to add CORS extension in google Chrome? 
    ans :- If we want to access to fetch API from Particular website then we will get an Error. because, Cors has been blocked by CORS Policy : No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is prasent. So avoid This type of error or ByPass the CORS policy we have to use CORS ByPass extension.

   🔆What is CORS extension ?
    ans :- This extension bypasses the "XMLHttpRequest" and "fetch" rejections by altering the "Access-Control-Allow-Origin" and "Access-Control-Allow-Methods" headers for every request that the browser receives.






🔆
🔰
⚜
💫
🔷